= duke

Duke, the Real American Hero, led GIJoes into battle. Duke.rb leads your CIJoes into battle. In other words, Duke helps you manage multiple CIJoe instances. It comes with a command-line interface and a web interface.

== Basic Usage

Install the duke gem
  gem install duke

Create a new duke installation
  duke new some/directory

Inside the duke directory use the command-line interface to add a new repository
  duke add git@github.com:gotascii/duke.git

Duke will clone the repo and configure it with some defaults

== Configuration

Defaults
  host: localhost
  runner: rake
  pid_dir: tmp/pids
  log_dir: log

  host
  Given a cijoe running on port 4567 and configured host of 'localhost' the cijoe url will be http://localhost:4567/

  runner
  When duke checks out a new repo it will configure it to build using this command.

  pid_dir
  The relative directory duke will use to store cijoe daemon pid files.

  log_dir
  The relative directory duke will use to store cijoe log files.

Custom Configuration
A config.yml in the root of the duke installation directory will override the defaults.

Per-Project Runner
The duke command-line utility allows you to set the runner for a particular project.
  duke runner repo_dir "rake spec"

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Justin Marney. See LICENSE for details.
